accept start transaction statements (#11323)
crate/crate: docs/sql/statements/start-transaction.rst

> .. highlight:: psql
> .. _ref-start:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
.. highlight:: psql

.. sql-start-transaction:
```

this is the new recommended style for RST labels. not a lot of files use this yet though but it's good to get it in at the beginning for new docs

Author: how do I reference this new syntax? `.. sql-start-transaction:`  I tried :ref:`START <ref-sql-start-transaction>` but does not work ..

Reviewer: the entire label is opaque (from a syntax perspective) so the `ref` prefix doesn't mean anything special. to reference a label named `sql-start-transaction` you would use this syntax:

    :ref:`example <sql-start-transaction>`

Reviewer: oops my bad I just noticed I accidentally missed the initial `_` character

my original suggested change was:

    .. sql-start-transaction:

my corrected suggestion is:

    .. _sql-start-transaction:

=====================
``START TRANSACTION``
=====================

> Start a transaction block

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The ``START TRANSACTION` statement starts a transaction block.
```

want to expand this a little bit. I think some of the other SQL syntax documents could do with similar improvements, but it's good to get this in early for new docs

I would also like to add a link to a page that explains what transactions are and how you can use them. I don't think we have a doc like that yet. I am guessing that is because the whole feature set is still in development

do you know if there are any existing plans to add a new doc to the [Quering](https://crate.io/docs/crate/reference/en/4.5/general/dql/index.html) section in the docs?

Author: Yes I agree. Aligned with your idea where you suggested to remove `The statement starts a transaction block until it committed or rolled back.` from the description, I think we should not mention `starts a transaction block` in the intro. Technically it is no-op and may confuse people. 
And also as you said, instead of explaining how to use a statement we do not support, we should mention something like "This is PostgreSQL compatibility feature that the statement will be accept but will be silently ignored."

.. rubric:: Table of contents

.. contents::
   :local:

> 
> Synopsis
> ========

Reviewer: ```suggestion

Synopsis
========
```

nit: two empty lines before each heading

::

   START TRANSACTION [ transaction_mode [ , ...] ]

> where ``transaction_mode`` is one of::

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Where ``transaction_mode`` is one of::
```

I think the SQL synopsis sections, in general, could do with a bit of reworking to expand the explanation of what is being documented. however, this probably _isn't_ the PR to start rethinking that

added this suggestion in the meantime as a minor, easy thing to improve

   ISOLATION LEVEL isolation_level | (READ WRITE | READ ONLY) | [NOT] DEFERRABLE

> where ``isolation_level`` is one of::

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Where ``isolation_level`` is one of::
```

   { SERIALIZABLE | REPEATABLE READ | READ COMMITTED | READ UNCOMMITTED }

> 
> Description
> ===========

Reviewer: ```suggestion

Description
===========
```

> The statement starts a transaction block until it committed or rolled back.
> 
> As CrateDB does not support transactions, this command has no effect and will
> be ignored.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
CrateDB does not support transactions and will silently ignore the ``START
TRANSACTION`` statement.
```

something like this maybe? I'm cautious about documenting the _intended_ function of the statement when it is a no-op for CrateDB users. my guess is that it would be more confusing than it is useful. but again, happy to take input on this as I probably do not have the full picture

Parameters
==========

:transaction_mode:

>   The transactional mode parameter. It has no effect.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  This parameter has no effect.
```

something terse like this maybe? for the same reasons as above

.. highlight:: psql

.. sql-start-transaction:

=====================
``START TRANSACTION``
=====================

> This is PostgreSQL compatibility feature that the statement is implemented but
> will be silently ignored.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
CrateDB accepts the ``START TRANSACTION` statement for compatibility with the
:ref:`PostgreSQL wire protocol <postgres_wire_protocol>`. However, CrateDB does
not support transactions and will silently ignore this statement.

.. SEEALSO::

    :ref:`Appendix: SQL compatibility <crate_standard_sql>`
```

cool! thanks for updating this bit

I took a second look at this file with your new changes and I think we could improve it by moving the bulk of the info to this para

my suggested change:

- reword a little so CrateDB is more of an active participant (i.e., the noun doing the verbs)
- made `START TRANSACTION` explicit in the first instance (and "this statement" in the second instance)
- expanded and link "PostgreSQL wire protocol"
- moved up your link to `crate_standard_sql` from below (good addition!) and turned it into a `SEEALSO` block with explicit link text. because this is a `SEEALSO` block, I added an "Appendix: " prefix to identify which section of the docs this page belongs to

.. rubric:: Table of contents

.. contents::
   :local:

Synopsis
========

::

   START TRANSACTION [ transaction_mode [ , ...] ]

Where ``transaction_mode`` is one of::

   ISOLATION LEVEL isolation_level | (READ WRITE | READ ONLY) | [NOT] DEFERRABLE

Where ``isolation_level`` is one of::

   { SERIALIZABLE | REPEATABLE READ | READ COMMITTED | READ UNCOMMITTED }

Description
===========

> CrateDB does not support transactions and will silently ignore the ``START
> TRANSACTION`` statement.
> 
> For further details, see :ref:`crate_standard_sql`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
CrateDB will silently ignore the ``START TRANSACTION`` statement.
```

because we moved this info to the top where readers will see it first, we can afford to trim this bit down by removing any explanation or justification
